every year on Father's Day we issue a
YouTube challenges over the years we've
asked kids to do a lot of unusual things
to their dads and this year the
challenge was to throw a slice of cheese
on his face like the reverse of those
videos where the parents throw the
cheese on the baby's face so we got
hundreds of videos and we whittled them
down to the best not with that said I am
proud to present the results of our
fathers day YouTube challenge for 2019
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
it's on the right
what'd you do that
[Music]
[Laughter]
are you mad
[Music]
[Applause]
happy Father's Day
oh the final indignity thanks everyone
especially those who are now deceased
thanks for watching remember every time
you click the subscribe button one of
your enemies gets destroyed